What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What is your favorite food to snack on?
Do you prefer salty or sweet?
What is your favorite video game?
What is your favorite song?
Have you ever been on a rollercoaster?
What's far more expensive than it should be?
Who is your favorite celebrity?
What is your favorite scent?
What is the best compliment you've ever received?
What was the last movie that really moved you?
If dogs had social media, what would be a clever name for it?
What was the best part of today?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What is your favorite song to listen to when you're sad?
What was the last TV show you binge-watched?
Would you take a trip to outer space?
Do you play any sports?
How often do you eat out at restaurants?
If you could instantly learn another language, which would you pick?
Do you prefer hot or cold beverages?
Do you prefer iPhone or Android?
If you owned a business, what would it be?
Do you enjoy watching cheesy movies?
Do you have a favorite movie franchise?
Do you think that fish have dreams?
What is the worst pizza topping?
What's the worst movie you've ever seen?
What's the best joke you know?
What's a fun fact about yourself?
If you wrote a book, what would it be about?
What's your dream job?
What is the best way to consume literature? Paper, e-books, or audio?
What are your thoughts on public transportation?
What is the most interesting thing you have read this week?
What’s your favorite way to waste time online?
What is the worst gift that you’ve ever received?
What book would you bring to a deserted island?
What isn’t real, but you wish was real?
What do you think is the absolute best job?
If you could master any skill what would it be?
What book could you not put down once you picked it up?
What TV show can you watch over and over again?
What type of food could you not live without?
What is your favorite dessert?
Do you play any instruments?
Do you have a lucky number?
What is your least favorite chore?
What is your favorite restaurant?
Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Do you like cats or dogs better?
What was the best and worst thing that happened to you today?
If you won a million dollars, what’s the first thing you would spend it on?
If there was a fire burning your house down, what would you grab before running out?
What's something you don't often get a chance to talk about?
Which social media platform do you spend the most time on?
What's something that you could talk about for hours?
What do you make sure to get every time you go grocery shopping?
Do you like camping?
What are you most likely to become famous for?
If you could live in any time period, which would it be?
What's something that's quickly becoming obsolete?
What’s something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What do you think about when you hear the word “classy”?
What’s the cutest thing you can imagine? Something so cute it’s almost painful.
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What's the worst part of being an adult?
What's something that people spend too much time worrying about?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
What’s something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What was the last photo you took?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What’s the most interesting building you’ve ever seen or been in?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?
Are you an outdoorsy person?
Are you an introvert or an extravert?
What desperately needs to be modernized?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
Where’s your go to restaurant for amazing food?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What’s the most pleasant sounding accent?
What’s some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What’s the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
What food do you crave most often?
What word do you always misspell?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
An epic feast is held in your honor, what’s on the table?
What’s your favorite holiday movie?
What from the present will withstand the test of time?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What small change greatly improves a person’s appearance?
What are some of the most common misconceptions?