Do you believe in an afterlife?
Do you believe in the supernatural?
What is the best thing to do when you hit rock bottom?
Do you actively try to avoid negative experiences in life?
What stops you from being happier?
Could you kill in self-defense?
Do you believe in a bright future for humanity?
Have you ever considered dropping everything and disappearing to live a simpler life?
What do you think about advertisements that target kids?
What's one thing you'd change about yourself?
If you only had a year left to live, how would you spend it?
What was the turning point in your life?
Are you concerned by the thought of being spied on by government or corporations?
Do you think we live in a simulation?
What's your favorite conspiracy theory?
What would the world be like without alcohol?
Are some people inherently bad?
What is true patriotism?
What's the difference between a religion and a cult?
Would you want to be absolutely perfect in every way?
If you had the opportunity to become immortal, would you take it?
What is your greatest hope?
What is considered socially acceptable, but really shouldn’t be?
What is one of your biggest regrets?
Do you think that extraterrestial life exists?
What’s one thing you would change about our society if you could?
Can money buy happiness?
Do you believe in free will?
If you could create one law that everyone had to obey, what would it be?
What’s the meaning of life?
Is reality subjective?
Are emotions necessary for human survival?
What will most likely destroy the human race, and can we avoid it?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
What is your definition of success?
Are emotions necessary for survival?
Is taking a life ever justified?
What's one word you could use to describe the human race?
Are humans better at creation or destruction?
What are the best and worst parts of human nature?
What aspects of humans have made us a successful species?
What’s something terrifying that we’ve all come to accept as a fact of life?
Is human nature constant or is it molded by culture? Can human nature be completely changed by culture or society?
Is what we perceive reality or just a construct of our minds? Can our minds correctly interpret reality or is reality subjective?
Is tribalism and people separating themselves into “us” and “them” groups, a learned or genetic trait? Can it be overcome? If so, how?
How does tribalism and creating in groups and out groups (e.g. race, religion, sport team fans, people with a hobby, etc.) help and hurt society?
What is the purpose of art in society?
What would a perfect city be like?
How important is freedom of the press to a healthy society?
Should governments make laws to protect people from hurting themselves?
What is the most uplifting thing happening in the world right now?
Can people with vastly different cultural backgrounds live together peacefully?
How has the rapid pace of technological advancement changed society?
Do people have an obligation to help others or should people be responsible for helping themselves?
What are the most important factors in maintaining a well functioning society?
Should the government be involved in making laws to regulate moral behavior?
With the invention of the internet and the advent of big data and crowd sourcing, it’s finally possible for citizens to govern themselves directly. Is it a good idea for the masses to directly govern themselves or is governance something better left to professional politicians?
What is a year of life worth? How about a day?
If you died today, how would you be remembered?
Are some lives more valuable than others?
If you were given an envelope with the time and date of your death inside, would you open it?
What are the pros and cons of colonizing other planets? How could this help or hurt the human race?
What would be the best possible scenario for how the world will develop in the next 25 years? What do we need to do to get there?
Will humans as a species ever be able to work together as a whole to achieve a goal?
What do you think about the singularity? The idea that eventually artificial intelligence will advance to the point where computers are more intelligent than humans.
Do people have a right to be happy or should they have to earn it?
Do animals experience emotions?
How do you think the economy could be improved?
Would you live forever if given the chance to?
What's a social stigma that you believe is entirely uncalled for, and we should be rid of?