What is the funniest joke that you know?
What would your dream job combination be?
What is something that across the board, everyone looks stupid doing?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the rudest?
What would be the absolute worst name that you could give your child?
What two items could you buy that would make the cashier the most uncomfortable?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title?
What is the silliest way that you’ve been injured?
What is the weirdest thing that you have ever eaten?
What is one of the most embarrassing phases you went through?
What about your teenage self embarrasses you the most?
What is the craziest dream you’ve had?
Do you think you’d survive a zombie apocalypse? Why or why not?
What is the funniest story you know?
What was your worst fashion disaster?
If you had to change your name to something totally new, what would be your new name?
What would the book about your life be called?
What is the worst pick-up line you know?
What food describes your personality?
If you could trade lives with one other person, who would it be?
Who do you think would be the worst person to get stuck with in an elevator?
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?
What is the best type of cheese?
What is the best type of bread?
What is your biggest cooking disaster?
Who is your favorite stand up comedian?
What is the funniest pet name?
What is the biggest diss you can think of?
What is your go-to insult?
What part of a kid’s movie completely scarred you when you were younger?
What’s the weirdest thing that a guest has done at your house?
If you could start a secret society what would it be called?
What movie should be made into a musical?
What is the most fun thing to do at an amusement park?
What is the best food combination?
If you could design a new ice cream flavor what would be in it?
What would you name your boat if you had one?
What’s the weirdest way you have met someone?
What was the funniest movie you’ve seen?
What is the strangest thing you’ve been asked in a job interview?
If you could pick any superpower to have, what would it be?
Do you have a signature dance move?
What is a silly nickname that you have had?
What did you last Google?
If you were a candy bar what candy bar would you be?
What is something that you love that everyone else thinks is gross?
What is your favorite quote from a movie?
What is the worst text that you’ve ever sent?
If you could break any world record what record would you want to break?
What movie universe do you want to live in?
Is a hot dog sandwich? Yes or no? Why or why not?
What candy do you always crave?
If you were on death row, what would your final meal be?
What phone app do you spend the most time on?
Do you prefer waffles or pancakes?
How old were you when you discovered Santa Claus wasn’t real?
What’s your favorite emoji to use and why?
Do you consider Pluto a planet?
What came first, the chicken or the egg?
What’s your spirit animal, and why?
If your life was made into a movie, what would be the title?
If you became the opposite gender for one day, what’s the first thing you would do?
If you could spend a week in another person’s shoes, whose life would you want to live?
If you were a condiment, which one would you be?
What TV show or movie can you quote an embarrassing amount of?
If you were deserted on an island, who would you want to be deserted with and why?
Which Disney princess is your favorite?
If a genie gave you three wishes, what would you do with them?
What’s the funniest prank you’ve ever pulled on someone?
What’s the funniest prank someone has ever pulled on you?
Which reality TV show would you apply to be on?
Do you prefer your toilet paper folded over or under?
Have you ever peed in a swimming pool?
What was the best thing before sliced bread?
What’s the last thing that made you laugh so hard your stomach hurt?
If you had to pick a body part to be without, which would it be and why?
Would you rather have robotic arms, or legs?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
What animal is the most majestic?