How close are you with your parents?
What makes you instantly lose respect for someone?
What is the strangest thing you've ever witnessed?
What is your biggest flaw?
What is your biggest weakness?
Who has been the most influential person in your life?
How do you calm yourself in times of stress?
Do you have any siblings?
Do you get along with your siblings?
What extracurriculars did you take in school?
As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What's your worst habit?
What's your best habit?
What are your thoughts on college and other forms of higher education?
Do you ever consider changing careers?
If you lived alone in a cabin off the grid, what would you do to pass the time?
Do you think you were spoiled as a kid?
Do you enjoy celebrating your birthday?
Have you ever shop-lifted?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What's the most dangerous situation you've ever been in?
What's your goal in life right now?
How far do you plan ahead in your life?
What are your earliest memories?
As a kid, were you ever punished for doing exactly what you were told to?
Do you think the music you listen to affects you on a subconscious level?
What’s the most useful thing you learned at school?
Were you ever betrayed by a friend?
Did you ever bully anyone in school?
What's the most useful thing you've learned from your parents?
As a kid, did you ever have an imaginary friend?
What is your family’s best tradition?
Which of your family members are you closest with?
Where is your safe place?
Would the younger version of yourself be proud of who you are today?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
Who was your role model growing up?
Were you a picky eater when you were little? What wouldn’t you eat?
What was your favorite TV show as a kid?
Did you have your own room growing up, or did you have to share?
What aspect of your childhood do you wish you still had?
What in life is holding you back from reaching your full potential?
If you could live one day of your life over again, which day would you choose?
What’s your next step in life?
What do you think makes a happy life?
If you could give back to someone in your life right now, who would it be, and what would you do?
What or who are you most afraid of losing?
If you could change one thing about how you were raised, what would it be?
If you could change one thing about your daily life, what would it be?
If there was nothing to hold you back, what would you want to do every day?
If you could give a single piece of advice to your younger self, what would it be?
Are you named after anyone? If so, who?
If you could start a charity, what would it be for and why?
What’s your best trait?
When was the last time you cried, and what was it over?
Where is the strangest place you’ve ever traveled to, and what made it strange?
Who’s the funniest person you’ve ever met?
What is the best advice you have ever received?
What is one thing that you couldn’t live without?
Do you consider yourself more creative, or logical?
What are you most passionate about?
What is the most significant lesson life has taught you?
What are you most proud of?
What are your life goals?
What’s the greatest thing that’s ever happened to you?  What’s the worst?
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, how would you live today?
Where do you find peace?
What were your childhood experiences like?
How does the world today compare to your world as a child?
How do you think you will die?
How would you like to die?
What are you currently worried about?
Where do you get your news?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn’t?
What are you interested in that most people aren’t?
What’s the hardest you’ve ever worked?
What was your most recent lie?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What’s the silliest thing you’ve seen someone get upset about?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever had?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?
What’s the most anxiety-inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
Who is the most manipulative person you’ve ever met?
Who is the most creative person you know?
How ambitious are you?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
What nicknames do you have for people in your life?
What’s the shadiest thing you’ve seen someone do?