What is your dream romantic date?
What instantly turns you on?
What is the most valuable trait in a partner?
What is your definition of love?
Would you date someone with a face tattoo?
Would you date someone who had plastic surgery?
Do you think you'd make a good parent?
How do you feel after an argument?
What do you look for in a relationshp?
Do you find it easier to be friends with guys, or girls?
Would you consider yourself a feminist?
Do you have a celebrity crush?
What was your first love like?
If you had kids, what would you do differently from your parents?
Are you a good cook?
What is your favorite way to show affection?
What is the worst date you've been on?
What are some of your relationship deal breakers?
What is your favorite pick-up line?
Have you ever been in a long-distance relationship?
How do you spend your free time?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
What is your favorite thing about me?
What do you think that I like most about you?
Would you prefer to live on the beach, or in the mountains?
Where would you most love to travel?
What is your dream vacation?
Do you believe in marriage?
How many kids do you want to have?
Do you have a favorite flower?
Are you big on pets?
What aspirations do you have for the rest of your life?
What’s your favorite thing about yourself?
What’s your least favorite thing about yourself?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Is there a difference between loving someone and being in love with someone? Why or why not?
Do you have any tattoos?
What is your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
How important is family to you?
If you could describe yourself with only three words, what would they be?
What do you think is your best quality?
Are you reserved, or an open book?
Do you find yourself attractive?
What is my most attractive quality?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What are the three qualities in you which you want your children to inherit?
What is the best way to make you feel appreciated?
What is the best age to have kids?
Do you believe in soulmates?
Do you want to have kids someday?
Would you consider adopting?
When was your first kiss?
Do you believe in friends with benefits?
What qualities make someone irresistible to you?
What is the most romantic thing anyone has done for you?
What is the best part of being in a relationship?
Who’s the most important person in your life?
How many meaningful relationships have you been involved in?
Have you ever hurt someone emotionally?  What happened?
What do you want to do with your life?
Who would you die for?
What’s the most meaningful thing a partner has done for you?
What do you like most about yourself?  What do you dislike?
What would you change about yourself and why?
How would your closest friends and family describe you?
If you won the lottery, what is the first thing you would buy?
Do you remember your dreams often?
When was the last time you were intimate with someone?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
Would you still kiss your partner if they were sick?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?